[AppConfig] Update mocking guidance instructions (#38118)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/README.md

 - [Read Revision History](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample4_ReadRevisionHistory.md)
 - [Get a Configuration Setting](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample5_GetSettingIfChanged.md)
 - [Update a Configuration If Unchanged](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample6_UpdateSettingIfUnchanged.md)

>  - [Mock a client for testing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample7_MockClient.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Mock a client for testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/sdk/unit-testing-mocking)
```

>  - [Mock a client for testing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/samples/Sample7_MockClient.md)

Reviewer 2: Do you think we should directly link to the MS Learn article here?  Doesn't seem to be helpful to jump to the old sample just to jump again.

Author: Yes, I'll add the link directly here.
